I have provided the Ocr Content of the Contract Document .

```
               LICENSE AGREEMENT

         THIS  AGREEMENT  is made and entered  into this the 25th day of August,
2009, by and between MOMENTUM BIOFUELS, INC. ("Licensor"),  a Texas corporation,
with  offices  located at 4700 New West  Drive,  Pasadena,  Texas 77507 and HUNT
GLOBAL RESOURCES, INC. ("Licensee"),  a Texas corporation,  with offices located
at Waterway Plaza Two, Suite 325,  10001 Woodloch  Forest Drive,  The Woodlands,
Texas 77380.

                                   WITNESSETH

         WHEREAS,  Licensor has invented and owns certain processes,  techniques
and formulas that combine to create a unique  method of producing  bio-fuels and
derivative products, which combined shall be referred to herein as "Intellectual
Property",  or  "IP",  all of  which  Licensor  represents  that it has good and
marketable title after assumption of its obligations regarding title to the same
by Licensee; and

         WHEREAS, Licensee wishes to acquire the right to use the said
Intellectual Property for commercial purposes;

         NOW THERFORE, the parties hereto have agreed as follows:

         1.  Licensor  hereby  conveys to Licensee the  exclusive  right to use,
improve,  sub-license and  commercialize  the  Intellectual  Property  described
herein  for a  period  of ten  (10)  years  from  the  date  hereof  for  and in
consideration of the agreements, terms, conditions, compensation and obligations
contained in this License Agreement.

         2. As consideration for the License herein granted,  Licensee agrees to
pay to Licensor a royalty equal to three percent (3%) of the gross and collected
revenue for all  bio-diesel  and related  products  produced by the Licensee and
three  percent (3%) of the gross  revenue  collected  by the  Licensee  from the
"Commercial  Sand"  business of Licensee,  as described in  Licensee's  business
plan, a copy of which is attached hereto,  during the term hereof. The royalties
described in this  paragraph  shall be paid  (quarterly on the first month after
the end of each calendar  quarter,  or monthly at the end of the month following
each month during the term hereof),  during the term of this License and for any
period  necessary to complete the payment of sums due, but not determined at the
time of termination of this License.

         3.  Licensor  agrees to cooperate  with  Licensee so that  Licensee may
enjoy to the  fullest  extent  possible,  all of the rights to the  Intellectual
Property.  This  cooperation  includes the obligation on the part of Licensor to
promptly  execute any and all papers that Licensee deems  necessary or desirable
to perfect the rights assigned. Licensor further warrants and represents that it
has not entered into any assignment,  contract or understanding in conflict with
this agreement, except as may be set forth in that one certain Agreement of even
date herewith.








         4. This  Agreement  and all Exhibits  attached  hereto  constitute  the
entire  agreement  between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof
and supersede all prior written or oral agreements or understandings between the
parties  relating  thereto.  The terms and  provisions of this  Agreement may be
modified or amended only by a written instrument executed by each of the parties
hereto.

         5. In the event that any term or provision  of this  Agreement is found
to  be  invalid,   illegal  or   unenforceable,   the  validity,   legality  and
enforceability  of the remaining terms and provisions hereof shall not be in any
way affected or impaired  thereby,  and this Agreement  shall be construed as if
such  invalid,  illegal or  unenforceable  provision  has never  been  contained
therein.

         6.   This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Texas.

         7. All notices and other  communications  hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be given by delivery in person or certified  mail RRR at the addresses
set  forth  hereinabove,  with copy to  Michael  Littman,  Attorney  at Law 7609
Ralston Rd.  Arvada,  Denver,  Co.  80002 for notices to Momentum and to Manfred
Sternberg,  Attorney  at Law,  701 North  Post Road,  Suite 600,  Houston TX for
notices to Hunt.

         8. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,  each of
which  shall  be  deemed  to be an  original,  but all of which  together  shall
constitute one and the same instrument.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have executed this Agreement by
the duly authorized  officer whose signature appears below to be effective as of
the date hereinabove written.

MOMENTUM BIOFUELS, INC.             HUNT GLOBAL RESOURCES, INC.



---------------------------------   -----------------------------------
CEO                                                  CEO
```

Extract the following fields from the OCR content of the contract document:
Do not Hallucinate the data. If the data is not present in the OCR content, do not make any assumptions.

maintain the sequence of the fields as per the contract
just return the values which are present

Contract Name
Agreement Type
Country of agreement
Contract Details
 Entity Name
Counterparty Name
Summary
Department of Contract Owner
SPOC
Agreement Group
Family Agreement
Family Documents Present
Family Hierarchy
Scanned
 Signature by:
Effective Date
Contract Start Date
Contract Duration
Contract End Date
Contingent Contract
Perpetual Contract
SLA
Stamping Date
Franking Date
Franking Date_Availablity
Governing Law
Dispute Resolution
Place of Courts
Court Jurisdiction
Place of Arbitration
Arbitration Institution
Number of Arbitrators
Seat of Arbitration
Venue of Arbitration
Legal Action Rights with counterparty
Counterparty - liability cap
 - liability cap
Counterparty - liability limitation summary
 - liability limitation summary
Indemnification
Indemnification Summary
Counterparty - liquidated damages
 - liquidated damages
Counterparty - damages summary
 - damages summary
Penalties
Penal interest rate and other late payment charges
 assignment rights
 - assignment summary
Counterparty assignment rights
Counterparty - assignment summary
Can  terminate for Convenience?
If yes, number of notice days?
Can Counterparty terminate for Convenience?
Counterparty - If yes, number of notice days?
 - termination summary
Counterparty - termination summary
Provision for lock-in period
Period of lock in.
Lock-in summary
 - Change of Control Provision
Counterparty  - Change of Control Provision
Auto-renewal provision
Notice period (in days) to stop auto renewal
Renewal Option Notice Start Date
Renewal Option Notice End Date
Auto-renewal provision summary
Acceleration clause applicable to 
Acceleration clause applicable to Counterparty
Acceleration clause - summary
Exclusivity provision
Scope
Territory
Carve-outs
Exclusivity Period (Start Date)
Exclusivity Period (End Date)
Available to 
Available to Counterparty
Audit Rights - Summary
Copyright
Patent
Trademark
Other
ABAC/FCPA provision
ABAC/FCPA provision - summary
Receive or Pay
Currency
Total Contract Value
Fixed Fee
Security Deposit / Bank Guarantee
Fuel surcharges
Advance payment period
Advance payment Amount
Term for Refund of Security Deposit
Incentive
Revenue Share
Commission Percentage
Minimum Guarantee
Variable Fee
Fee-Other
Payment Type
Payment Schedule (in days)
Payment Terms / Details
Milestones
Payment to Affiliates / Agency
Fee Escalation
Stamp Duty Share
Confidentiality
Residual Confidentiality
Exceptions to confidentiality
Term (In months)
Data Privacy Provision
Data Privacy Summary
Insurance coverage for 
Insurance coverage for Counterparty
Subcontracting rights for the  Counterpart
Defect liability period
Performance Guarantee
Conflicts of Interests
Force Majeure
Insurance coverage
Representation and Warranties
Non-Compete
Non-Solicitation
Waiver
Severability
Survival
Handwritten Comments
Missing Pages
Missing Signatures
Review Comments (if any)
